(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
It's finally about to begin.
We're here
in Tokyo.
This will be your dream stage, NAZE!
Excuse me, whose house is this?
Surprise! This is the home
of the genius producer, Mr. Azuma
and you're going to live with him!
Why my home? I don't like this.
Shut up.
If you're unhappy,
complain to that traitorous woman.
Ouch... I can't breathe...
Everything failed.
No Korean media, including TV,
the internet, and magazines
is willing to cover NAZE.
They're leftovers, after all.
- Hey!
- That woman, Park Ji-soo
is definitely pulling strings
behind the scenes
by using her agency's
money and influence.
You darn coward!
Now that it's come to this
I'll have to use my ace in the hole.
Ace in the hole?
I'll bet...
on the potential
of the Japanese market!
My house has nothing to do with that!
Why not? You have a house in Tokyo.
- Let us use it for a while.
- Stingy!
Okay!
This is the beginning of
a dreamy life of
being surrounded by hot guys!
A genius producer lives in
a house like this?
Is it haunted?
Shut up.
It's called rustic charm in Japan.
It looks more run-down than rustic.
That was pretty witty, you fool.
Listen.
I'm letting you stay for free.
If you don't like it,
go back to Korea. Your answer?
- Understood.
Leave your stuff here.
We'll start practicing right away.
- Okay.
- Thanks for having me!
- It's low! Like my grandma's home!
Thank you, Mr. Azuma.
What?
The relationship between Kun
and his mom improved because of you
and now you're even letting them
stay at your house.
I'll help you as much as I can.
- No need.
- Yes! I'll do my utmost...
I don't need you.
It's faster to do everything myself
than to have you get in the way.
Even so, I want to help the boys--
How long are you going
to make me wait?
Let's hurry to the practice studio!
Apparently, NAZE ran away to Japan.
What? I don't think they ran away.
They're K-pop idols,
but they want to work in Japan.
Isn't that ridiculous?
But I get why they ran away.
People compare us to them.
A hundred jumping burpees
and a hundred push-ups!
What, exhausted already?
You have no time to feel tired!
Oh, no...
The water in the pantry won't
turn off! Do something!
- Turn off the water yourself!
- I can't!
Why are you always doing this
when I'm busy...
Guys, don't slack off!
Ouch! It hurts!
She's our lifesaver!
This is too intense
right off the bat!
Mr. Azuma told you not to slack off.
- You don't need a phone--
- What?
- Seriously?
- What happened?
TORINNER is appearing
at a live event!
- What?
TORINNER makes history
as the first group
to take the stage at K-FLARE
less than a year after their debut.
K-FLARE is a huge K-pop event, right?
Yeah, rookies normally
aren't allowed to participate.
Big agencies sure have leverage!
I want to shine brightly
like them, too!
Ryo is charismatic
and has good looks.
He naturally draws in fans...
You're so different
from your brother.
It doesn't matter.
TOKYO GIRLS COLLECTION TO BE HELD!
What? Is this an event in Japan?
So cool!
TGC is very famous.
Now that we're back in Japan
I want to perform
on a big stage like this.
You dream too big. It's impossible.
I'm sure you--
We'll make our dreams come true!
Let's go to TGC!
Our house and studio are so shabby.
How can we have dreams?
True. At this rate,
I doubt we can even debut.
That's why you have to practice--
It's hopeless.
What are you doing?
I told you not to slack off!
If you don't have the motivation,
I'll disband the group immediately!
- Yes!
- Sorry!
Sorry. I know I was supposed
to supervise them.
I did try to warn them--
Didn't you say
you were going to give it your all?
I guess it's only
as much as an ant can do.
Hey, where are the towels?
An ant?
That manager is so useless, though.
It's Endo Minase.
Minase didn't plan
on working in showbiz at first.
- Is that so?
- When she was in high school
that poor girl was bullied
and had a tough time.
That's why she left Japan after that
and entered
Seoul National University.
Seoul National University, hear that?
She's extremely outstanding!
She's good at studying
but she doesn't seem
to have confidence in herself.
Her job hunting
didn't go well either.
So you deceived the poor girl
and lured her
into this cash-strapped agency?
Watch your mouth!
Mr. Azuma.
You again?
My name is Endo Minase.
I'd like to tell you something--
I won't listen.
This is TORINNER,
a group that trained with NAZE.
They will be performing
in a big event in Korea.
The boys all got upset
when they found out.
There it is! A major agency's
money and influence!
I want to do everything I can
for the boys.
Is there anything I can--
No.
They never listen to you anyway.
Then, at least have a look at this.
This is a compilation of
all the ideas I had
on how to promote them.
I've been thinking about it
for a while.
Wow! When did you do this?
And this is
a record of their daily lives.
Once you get to know
their wonderful individualities
you can use that to produce--
Not necessary.
I don't like
people telling me what to do.
Besides, you've been coming up with
ideas to promote them for a while?
In that case, why haven't you
put them into action?
That's because...
You didn't have the resolve
to take responsibility yourself
so you wanted to rely on me.
Am I right?
You don't want to fail and get hurt.
Producing artists isn't
a simulation game.
If you aren't prepared
to be responsible for their lives
our team doesn't need you.
You are right.
But...
Even so, I want
to find somethingI can do.
If I carry on like this,
I'll have nothing.
Minase, it's okay.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
- You're helpful--
- You'll have nothing?
I've never had confidence in myself.
I could only do
what others told me. But...
You want to change your useless self
so you plan to stake their futures
on a gamble?
How arrogant!
NAZE PROMOTION MATERIALS
How can you be so mean?
You didn't have to go that far!
It's crueler to keep her tied
to a job she's not suited for.
How do you know
what would make Minase happy?
Do you have the right
to belittle her life?
Are you going to abandon us now?
Are you okay with ruining our lives?
Oh, sorry.
You know
she sometimes
has trouble communicating
but she's trying really hard.
See? Look at this!
Not many people can be
as detailed as her!
This is for Younki.
Wait, for all of them?
An honest person
who truly loves idols
is more suited to be a manager
than a competent liar.
Yeah, you can
almost call her a stalker.
It's love. Love!
In any case
since the boys are feeling anxious,
we should do something for them.
Tell them about your plans for them!
Plans, you say?
I need to reconsider
my life plan first and think about
whether I should continue staying
with this poor agency.
"A career change in my thirties."
You owe me money!
Ten million!
I know.
I know I have to change.
You need to make a complete change!
In just an hour since you got here
my house has turned
into a complete mess!
Dirty! Sloppy!
Stop depending on others!
- Yes, I'm sorry.
Sit down to use the toilet.
Vacuum every morning.
Get wrinkles out of your clothes
before hanging them.
Rotate cooking duties...
So fussy.
Don't let food expire.
I can't remember all of that.
- Let's dig in!
- So good!
- Delicious!
Wait. Only bean sprouts
and pea shoots?
I can't find any meat.
Due to a tight budget
in this household
only people with pure hearts
can see meat here.
Look, I found it.
- What?
Rock, paper, scissors!
- Yes!
What are you doing? Go to bed now.
- Good night.
Please, anywhere but
next to Mr. Azuma.
Praying for a good harvest, fortune,
prosperity, health, and peace.
Rock, paper, scissors!
- Good night.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
Excuse me, where is Mr. Azuma?
Hey.
I have a meeting outside today,
so I won't be going to the office.
Why are you wearing a suit?
Guys, do basic training
after stretching.
A three-minute plank and 100 squats.
You'll have two hours
of singing lessons after that.
You have language
and acting classes in the afternoon
and your dance coach will come
in the evening, so... Right!
You have modeling classes, too.
Record their training on video.
Don't let them slack off.
- I'll check it later.
- Yes.
And also...
Don't forget
the rules I told you yesterday.
- Yes.
What rules?
What are they?
There are a lot of rules
for freeloaders.
But we've been working on
our fundamentals the entire time!
The gap between TORINNER and us
is growing.
Mr. Azuma, I'd like
to say something--
Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
I'm also...
prepared to take responsibility
for the boys and their lives.
If there's anything I can do
I want to help them.
Some of them are worried that
just working on the fundamentals
isn't enough.
So I want to ease
their anxiety a bit.
Isn't there something
we can set as a goal?
A live performance.
- Live performance?
- That has to be their goal.
I want them to have the courage
to perform in front of an audience.
Really? They will be thrilled.
- In that case, I'll leave it to you.
- What?
Look for an event or a festival
for them to perform at.
How am I supposed to do that?
You said you were prepared, remember?
LIST OF EVENTS IN TOKYO
Okay!
NAZE? Never heard of them.
The boys are very passionate.
So they're amateurs.
Yes, but they're training hard
right now.
You can't expect me to trust you
when you show up out of the blue.
Sorry, but if you could
just hear me out...
The venue is this way.
Please watch your step.
Let's get to work.
The venue is this way.
Your arms aren't aligned!
Your balance is off, too.
Wanderlust is the only song you have.
No one will even look at you
if you're so bad!
Seriously, you can't even
do crab steps?
You're already out of breath.
You lack stamina,
and you're so bad at dancing.
I'm sorry.
Your brother, Ryo, is a fast learner
and outstanding.
You're so different from him.
Okay, once more!
- Yes.
LIST OF EVENTS IN TOKYO
There are still many more to go.
Is he actually reading
at a time like this?
Are we still not there yet?
We're not interested in rookies.
But I'd consider it if it's TORINNER.
After all, they are
the talk of the town.
You're getting in the way!
Can't you tell I'm busy?
I am sorry!
Sixty.
Sixty-one.
So, what do I stand to gain
from this?
Five, six, seven, eight...
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five, six...
Yuya! Wrong, wrong, wrong!
Why can't you do it?
I'm sorry.
One more time, please.
Once more!
Five, six, seven, eight. One...
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
LIST OF EVENTS IN TOKYO
Have you found an event?
I'm doing my best.
Your best again?
Do you even know what that means?
Of course.
I give it my all
to do my best every day--
So, it's still
at the level of an ant.
Yes, I may be an ant.
But I will find one.
Do your best.
Lead music
Aragaki Reina
DREAM SUPER LIVE TO BE HELD
MANY FAMOUS ARTISTS WILL BE FEATURED
There aren't many left.
Wow, this is so good!
Hey, give me a bite.
Why? Eat your own.
- I want to try them all!
- What are they doing
at a time like this?
You still can't do it, Yuya?
You keep repeating the same mistake.
Are you sure you want this?
I'm sorry.
Are you really the younger brother
of TORINNER's Ryo?
Your looks, talent, and stamina
all pale in comparison to Ryo's.
Once more!
Here we go! Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two...
The poster for K-FLARE,
the event I mentioned, has arrived.
- Wow...
- Amazing.
It's one of the greatest K-pop events
in Korea.
Don't let me down.
- Understood!
Only Ryo stands out.
Even just a short while will do.
Will you let them perform
at this festival?
I know how you feel
but what can they actually do?
They practice singing and dancing
for 14 hours every day.
Diligently, with everything
they've got.
That's a given if they're aiming
to be professional idols.
I'm talking about their unique charm.
Unique...
If you don't even know that
then why should I support this group?
Don't you know being diligent
and hardworking alone isn't enough?
If that's the case, perhaps you're
not suited for this job.
I'm not suited for this job?
Of course I know that.
Their unique charm...
I can't even figure out
something so important.
RESIGNATION LETTER
Yuya?
Minase...
Welcome back.
What's the matter?
Shouldn't you be having dinner now?
Yes, but...
I've been causing trouble
for everyone.
So I wanted
to build up my stamina first.
So you've been jogging alone?
Yes. I meant to keep it a secret
but now you know.
Are you okay?
The training schedule is so intense.
You need to rest during breaks.
I have no time to rest
because I'm not good enough.
But...
That's not all.
I have a dream too.
What is it?
It's...
Someday...
I don't want to be known
as the brother of TORINNER's Ryo.
I want to be recognized
as NAZE's Yuya by other people.
So for now, instead of worrying
I just want to work hard.
Yuya, there's something...
I want to tell everyone.
I haven't told you guys
but I'm actually preparing
for your first live performance.
Our first live performance...
- Yay!
When? Where will we do it?
I can't tell you the details yet.
- A live performance! Yay!
- Awesome!
Minase, thank you so much!
Now we will work even harder!
- We'll do our best!
You sure about
making a promise like that?
Did your best effort
produce results, ant girl?
I'll do something.
- I have a contact.
- Contact?
I have a friend
who works at a record company.
I'm sure she'll introduce me
to a business partner if I ask.
A friend?
From high school.
She was my classmate.
I heard the reason
you went to university in Korea
was that you had
a hard time in high school.
Well, that's in the past.
We're both adults now.
It's been a while. How are you?
I'm sorry to contact you so suddenly
But I'd like to see you
If you don't mind.
I'm so excited!
I can't believe we'll be able
to perform so soon!
- That's so lit!
- So lit!
Stop it...
Mr. Azuma!
Thank you!
- Thank you!
I can't believe we're allowed
to perform already!
Right? I had no idea either.
What? Even you?
Does that mean Minase has been
preparing it all by herself?
Minase?
Minase! I haven't seen you
for so long! Have you been well?
Yes... I mean, yeah.
All right!
Wow, you're the manager
of a K-pop group? That's impressive.
Not at all. Your career
is more impressive, Reina.
You achieved your dream
of workingat a record company.
No! I've been exaggerating.
In reality, my stubborn boss
bosses me around every day.
Well, Minase, you're admirable.
You traveled all the way to Korea.
You're fighting with your own power.
Reina, you've changed somehow.
So...
These are the artists
I'm in charge of.
Wow, is that so?
I see. So they're NAZE?
They are very good boys.
They practice for 14 hours a day.
They're diligent and work very hard.
I've been searching for places
for them to hold a live performance
but it's been difficult.
Okay, I'll work things out.
- Really?
- Yeah.
There's a festival looking for
a new boy group
with no experience to perform.
- I'll ask.
- Wow, thank you!
I'll also introduce you
to our partner companies.
Can I take this?
Of course!
Thank you so much!
I'm not doing this to make up
for what I did, but...
- What?
- I mean, remember?
Many things happened
between us, right?
I thought
I needed to face you properly.
I don't mind at all.
I'm glad.
- Wow!
Is this the place?
Members of NAZE, this way, please.
- Yes! Pleased to work with you!
Likewise. This way, please.
Let's go!
Line up here for merch.
Queue here for merch.
We still have stock,
so there's no need to rush.
One tote bag?
- What's going on?
- I don't get it, either!
Excuse me.
You're here. You're late! I'm hungry.
We'll get things ready at once.
Wow, sushi!
This is the end of the restroom line!
Hey, why are there so few restrooms?
Let us use the men's restroom!
Minase, is this really our job?
Sorry, my friend said
you should learn
how to work backstage
at live shows first.
- Are you kidding me?
- I'm sorry.
We're commemorating the
40th anniversary of an enka singer.
Would you like
to listen to some Enka?
It's the 40th anniversary.
Please take a look.
Guys, will we really get to perform?
Of course. I'll check just in case.
ARAGAKI REINA
Isn't this Mr. Azuma's book?
BASIC VIDEO EDITING
- You forgot this.
- Thanks.
Why have you been reading that book?
A career change?
Wait, a career change?
What?
Are you planning
to change jobs and leave us?
I mean, I don't want to be homeless.
Wait! Aren't you going to take
responsibility for the boys' lives?
- Are you running away?
- Calm down.
I can't! The boys are working so hard
but you've been playing around
in Shin-Okubo.
And now you're job hunting?
Don't be ridiculous!
Her imagination
got the better of her again.
So how is it going?
Just leave it to me, CEO.
Hey, Minase! What's the matter?
What did you want to ask so urgently?
Who is she?
My best friend.
So...
When will you decide on
the dateof their live performance?
- Come again.
- Of course...
we'll continue to help
if it's necessary.
But I thought having a goal
might boost their motivation.
Reina?
Seriously? Are you stupid?
It was a lie, of course!
What would I stand to gain
from having such amateurs
perform at our live show?
This girl has always been
a goody-two-shoes.
- Wow.
- Is she?
She does look serious to a fault.
I'm so glad
that you haven't changed at all.
Okay. Let's stop talking about work
and have some fun.
Join us, Minase!
Yes, have a drink with us!
If you aren't prepared
to be responsible for their lives
our team doesn't need you.
- Drink!
- Come here.
Come and have a drink with us!
Hello?
Please!
Please let them perform.
The boys are still inexperienced.
But they're working hard every day
and they believe
that it will come true.
Of course, hard work is a given.
But...
Even for a short while...
If you could see them for just a bit
you'll know how hard they are trying.
Please spare me
a little of your time.
Please...
Please help me!
You're so full of yourself
just because young,handsome men
rely on you.
Don't get cocky.
You've always been a loser.
Poor thing!
Don't waste food!
What's wrong, Minase?
- What?
- Minase?
Why?
I'm sorry.
The live performance...
It fell through.
What?
It's my fault.
I'm sorry.
You look pretty depressed.
Let's cheer up!
Hey, full-power ant girl.
What's with the camera?
I...
I'm sorry.
The live performance fell through.
Is that so?
I said I had the resolve
but in the end,
I relied on someone else
and caused trouble for everyone.
I couldn't be of any help.
I...
Who decided you weren't useful?
What?
Testing...
What is this place?
Check the camera on the stage...
STAFF ENTRANCE
Excuse me, what are we doing here?
Waiting for the event organizer
and Mynavi.
Do you mean
that human resources company?
Yes, and the main sponsor of TGC.
TGC?
The one we saw in the advert?
Yes. Tokyo Girls Collection.
The fashion event is very popular
among girls in their teens
and their twenties.
- Ms. Yamane and Mr. Sakai. This way.
- Hello, Mr. Azuma.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Sakai,
the casting director for TGC.
Thank you.
This is Ms. Yamane,
the PR Department Head.
- Nice to meet you.
- And our PR Team.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you for your time today.
The video I mentioned the other day
is ready. Would you like to watch it?
It will be streamed in Japan,
Korea, and Thailand at 7 p.m.
Let's watch it.
Video?
No idea.
I'll play it now.
NAZE CHANNEL
- What's that?
- Video?
- What?
Sixty-one.
I'm turning on the washing machine!
A DOCUMENTARY ON NAZE,
A NEW K-POP GROUP
When was this filmed?
You secretly filmed us!
- Guys, hang in there!
- Do your best!
Yuya, let's go!
I can't believe this!
Hey, wait!
KAISEI AND TURN ARE PANICKING
Oh, my... Oh, my God!
Please. Yes, thank you!
SOLD
Hey, the change! The change!
Don't just apologize!
Tell me how long the wait is!
THE LINE FOR THE WOMEN'S RESTROOM
My god, I'm so embarrassed!
COUNTDOWN UNTIL TRAGEDY
What do you think?
They're as clumsy
as I told you, right?
Indeed, they're pretty clumsy.
It's true that they're clumsy
but they are working very hard.
They believe in their dreams,
and their hard work is real.
I am very sorry.
Please!
Please...
let them perform.
- Don't get cocky.
- You even filmed this?
You've always been a loser.
So nasty!
- Please...
- Just leave, for goodness' sake.
Please...
Please!
Leave!
The members are clumsy
and the same goes for the manager.
No, she's even clumsier.
What a headache.
But when the members see
how hard she is trying
they also give it their all.
When she sees how hard they work,
she works even harder.
And the members work even harder,
as if in response to her efforts.
To achieve their dreams
they support each other
with all their might.
Their ways may be
unsophisticated and outdated now
But that's what our team is proud of.
Ms. Yamane, what do you think?
They showed us something good.
Thank you.
The way you pursue
your dreams with unwavering resolve
will surely give courage
to the younger generation.
I've fully felt NAZE's unique charm.
May I confirm Naze's appearance
at TGC, then?
- What?
- Appearance?
Of course.
We look forward to an unsophisticated
yet amazing performance.
TGC...
- TGC!
- Yay!
Minase!
It's all thanks to you.
We promise we'll make this
a great performance.
Okay.
- Minase...
Come on, stop crying.
- Let's go!
- Go!
One, two, three.
NAZE!
Next up, we have a rookie group
that we added at the last minute.
Please welcome NAZE!
- Who?
- No idea. Haven't seen them before.
They're from the video yesterday....
The one from
that hidden camera video...
- Saw them on social media.
- K-pop again?
I like how that blond guy dances.
They look so innocent
and cute. I can't look away!
Amazing!
It all went according
to Azuma's plan.
- What?
- Our agency is poor.
There's no way we could
place big ads like TORINNER.
So you chose TGC?
Yes.
That was when we decided
to make a promotional video.
We researched
what kind of videos young girls like.
We had no money to outsource,
so Azuma learned how to edit videos.
It was quite touching!
The old guy pulled all-nighters
to work on it!
So you've been working hard.
I had no idea
and was rude to you. I'm sorry.
It's no big deal.
After all
I only realized that
their biggest selling point
is their grit and determination
because of this.
You read it?
They're not working smart at all
but they're sincerely working hard
towards their dreams.
So I thought showing
their daily lives as they are
would be the best way
to attract people.
This is way too detailed, though.
You're almost like a stalker.
That's uncalled for!
Isn't there something else
you should say to Minase?
Well...
You are...
an ant.
Yes.
Ants are tiny.
A tiny creature
that only crawls on the ground.
Not fascinating at all.
But do you know?
Ants are incredibly strong.
They can lift 50 times
their own body weight.
Our work requires us
to bear the burden of others' lives.
Of course, that requires
a sense of responsibility
and a vision for the future.
But more than that
you need to be ableto support
and lift others with sincere effort.
Just like what you're doing.
Our team...
needs you, Endo Minase.
I'll be counting on you.
I'm happy.
- You said my name.
- That's what you're happy about?
I'm going to give it my all
to lift them up!
Okay.
The group produced by Azuma
is being featured in many articles.
Please don't worry.
I'll destroy them as you instructed.
I can't let
that murderer walk free.
I'm counting on you
Ms. Park.
This is bad!
Park Ji-soo...
TORINNER...
They're going
to be promoting in Japan!
Looks, style... Defeated in all.
NAZE is just our group's leftovers.
Once they step on the stage,
it's the end for them.
Will you perform
at our live performance?
- Put on a show that only we can do.
- Yes!
This is where it begins.
I won't forgive anyone
who makes a fool of my friends.
I'll knock you out
if you do it again.